1. Find out whether animations of moves is possible easily in react.
2. Work out a design for the view chessboard page, now that the chessboard functionality is done.
DONE 3. Add a bar on the side of the board to view the evaluation from chess engines.
4. Maybe a good idea for the people entering openings: make the page so that for every move they make a new window on the page is
    created. In this window they can easily make the move on the board and add the explanation to the side. Save this input 
    whenever the window is clicked out of.
5. Make a explore openings page, with the sliders and if possible a tree with all the branches of the openings on it.
6. Work out the back end.
7. For users to practice openings, make a learning tab for each opening that provides some typical positions that can be reached
    after following the theory, where the user needs to make the right move. Much like a chess puzzle, but the user needs to play
    the move that is suggested in the theory, as opposed to a good move according to a chess engine.
8. Make a opening hierarchical tree showing all the first moves that make up a opening name. When clicked, open another tree
    that explores the different variations in the opening. Show transpositions using dotted lines.
9. Deploy website to a server (find out whether ssr or static)
10. Make a login option, also add a view my profile page.


TODAY:
1. Playing chessboardui component.
2. Revisiting the size settings inside the chesboardui component so there is great customizability for it. Also add options
    for if you need a evalbar or movelist, (just let booleans be passed to the components).
3. A component that shows a couple of moves over a couple seconds, this can be used for preview a opening in a small window 
    for example. This component would obviously only show the chessboard, not movelist etc.
4. Edit the collapsible list component so the li's are clickable.
5. Find out what the d3 input schema for the tree structure is, in order to find inspiration on how to improve my own schema in 
    the collapsible list component.

